ARROW-15515: [C++] Update ExecPlan example code and documentation with new options (#12689)
apache/arrow: docs/source/cpp/streaming_execution.rst

.. _stream_execution_scan_docs:

``table_sink``
----------------

.. _stream_execution_table_sink_docs:

> The ``table_sink`` node provides the ability to take the output as an in-memory table. 
> This is much simpler to use than the other sink nodes provided by the streaming execution engine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``table_sink`` node provides the ability to receive the output as an in-memory table. 
This is simpler to use than the other sink nodes provided by the streaming execution engine
```
Optional, but this sounds slightly better.

> Considering the variety of sink nodes provided in the streaming execution engine, the ``table_sink`` node 
> provides the ability to take the output as a table. It is much easier to use 
> :class:`arrow::compute::TableSinkNodeOptions`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``table_sink`` node provides the ability to take the output as an in-memory table. 
This is much simpler to use than the other sink nodes provided by the streaming execution engine
but it only makes sense when the output fits comfortably in memory.  The node is created using :class:`arrow::compute::TableSinkNodeOptions`.
```

> The output data can be obtained as a ``std::shared_ptr<arrow::Table>`` along with the output ``schema``. 

Reviewer: Technically it was an input schema I think (and it's going away now).  A `Table` already has a schema associated with it so there is no need to specify the output schema separately.
